[♪ opening theme song playing]
JUJUTSU KAISEN
[echoing footsteps]
[NAOYA] Well, look who it is.
And what an ugly face
you've got there.
I'm pretty sure
it's beyond fixing.
What are you planning
to do, Maki?
[birds chirping]
[MAKI] You mean you can actually
tell women apart by their faces?
I thought
you only saw their asses.
[♪ discordant notes play]
[NAOYA] I'm asking you
what you're going to do.
So answer me,
you piece of trash.
You can't use sorcery.
You can't see cursed spirits.
The looks you had
going for you are ruined.
No one is ever going to
pay attention to you again.
- [Maki sobbing]
- Such a sad situation.
Shall I bully you
like I used to?
[Maki sobbing]
[NAOYA] What are you
going to do?
Cling to the shadow
of Okkotsu or Megumi?
Say something, trash.
[MAKI AND MAI’S MOTHER] Maki.
Come back. Have you forgotten?
You know very well that
we're not allowed entry
into the Forbidden Vault.
Don't worry, the clan head
gave me permission.
[keys clinking]
[MEGUMI]
Head of the Zen'in Clan?
- [MEGUMI] Me?
- [MAKI] Yeah.
It was in Naobito's will.
[MEGUMI] No, thanks.
It'll just be a hassle.
[MAKI]
I think you should accept.
Naobito said
he would entrust
all of the Zen'in Clan's
assets to you,
both the money
and the cursed tools.
If you become head of the clan,
you'll be able to get info
on the big three families
and their headquarters.
It'll make a huge difference in
what we can do from here on out.
[MEGUMI] Sounds like
you should do it, Maki.
You can have it.
Yeah, well, no one's
going to accept me
as the head of the clan.
No one's gonna follow me yet.
The fact is, you possess
the hereditary technique,
and you can activate
your domain.
And you received
lots of attention from Satoru,
yet they would
barely accept you.
Why do I need their acceptance?
Does it even matter
what the members
of the Zen'in Clan
think about it?
You get all those benefits
if you became the head, too,
so just do it already.
[MAKI] It's too soon.
Can't be me yet.
I wouldn't be able
to create a place for Mai.
[MEGUMI] All right, fine.
[MAKI AND MAI’S MOTHER]
Come back here!
Tell me why?
Tell me why must you
always be like this, Maki?
[footsteps departing]
Just this once, make me happy
I gave birth to you, Maki.
[metal clacks]
[ripping]
Father.
[NAOYA]
You should've said something
if you were
planning this from the get-go.
[JINICHI]
You jumped the gun like always.
Though I agree Megumi Fushiguro
would be better than you.
[NAOYA] Excuse me?
There's more than
a few voices pushing for him
as a chance to repair
relations with the Gojo Clan.
But you know there's no way
we could accept Fushiguro
being entrusted with
all the money and cursed tools.
[NAOYA] Then why
were you dilly-dallying?
Because Fushiguro,
in addition to the Gojo Clan,
has other alliances.
He's friendly with Noritoshi,
the next head of the Kamo Clan.
If we eliminate him
without cause,
it would put the Zen'in Clan
in a worse spot.
With Satoru Gojo sealed away,
and the power balance between
clans shifting, we'll fall--
I get all that, but what I don't
is why do it now?
You haven't read the notices
from headquarters yet, have you?
We can make use of that.
Label them as traitors
plotting to release Satoru Gojo.
And then Megumi,
Maki, and Mai can be killed.
[laughs]
That's an impressive plan.
Killing his own daughters
adds believability.
It will. Afterwards, the trust
that headquarters places in us
- will grow firmer.
- [NAOYA] Hmm.
And is old man Ogi
okay with all of this?
[JINICHI]
Ogi came up with this plan.
[OGI] There are no
cursed tools here, Maki.
We emptied our vault in
anticipation of your intentions.
[Mai grunting weakly]
Why did you come here?
You idiot.
JUZO KUMIYA'S MASTERPIECE,
THE CURSED TOOL "DRAGON BONE"
SECRET ART:
FALLING BLOSSOM EMOTION
[OGI] Do you know why they
named my older brother Naobito
the previous head
of the clan, instead of me?
[MAKI] I'm guessing
because you're an asshole
who would murder
his own children.
[swords swish, clang]
[clangs]
You never wondered why I was
passed over as head of the clan?
[MAKI] How?
[OGI] It was because
my two children...
- [MAKI] I know I...
- ...were such hopeless failures!
[MAKI]...broke his blade.
- [footsteps]
- [dragging]
[OGI] You broke my blade
and judged that my reach
had been shortened,
so you closed in on me.
This is why you're hopeless.
I'm not a swordsman,
I'm a sorcerer.
Trying to gauge me by
the standards of such a failure
is absolutely ridiculous.
I'll say it
as many times as I must.
I wasn't chosen to be
the previous head of the clan
because of the two of you.
My older brother's technique
was nothing to speak of.
And his potential
to inherit the clan
was never a point of contention.
As a jujutsu sorcerer,
I never lagged behind my brother
in any area except one.
The quality of my two children.
The one rule for children.
Never drag down your parents.
[MAI] Didn't you know?
Dragging each other down
is considered a virtue
in this country.
[body rolling down]
[OGI] This room is used
for training and punishment.
We keep countless grade-two
and lower cursed spirits
in here.
They're hiding now
because they're afraid of me.
But soon enough,
they'll crawl out
and begin to devour you.
A Heavenly Pact?
Enhanced physical prowess?
What of it?
We sorcerers train every day,
and we further
strengthen our bodies
with cursed energy and combat.
Maki, your power's ordinary.
What you possess, every
single one of us already has.
Good riddance
to the sole stain on my life.
[footsteps departing]
[Mai grunts]
[grunting]
[MAI] Maki.
You certainly are tough.
I always figured
it would come to this one day.
This really sucks.
[whooshing]
[gasps]
[ocean waves lapping]
[MAI]
You basically know at this point
what my technique can do, right?
Although I still have trouble
creating anything
too large or complicated.
I'm wounded
from where he cut me, too.
So after I create this,
I'll die.
Later.
Good luck on
your own after this.
Hey. Mai, wait!
What are you talking about?
Just come back here!
[MAI] I've known
for a long time now
why twins are considered to be
such an unfortunate accident
by jujutsu sorcerers.
You have to offer up something
in order to gain anything.
This goes beyond just pacts.
The fact that we go through
pain to grow stronger
follows the same logic.
But that balance
never functions properly
in the case of twins like us.
Because jujutsu
views identical twins
as the same individual.
Do you understand?
You are me, and I am you.
You can long to grow stronger
and work so hard
you spit up blood.
But it's all pointless.
Because I don't want
to grow stronger at all.
Even if you don't
have any techniques,
it's pointless if I have one.
So long as I exist, Maki,
you will always be incomplete.
[MAKI] Okay, I get it!
Just come back.
[MAI] This is all
I'll leave you with.
Cast off the rest.
[♪ ethereal music playing]
I'll take all the cursed energy
and everything else with me too.
Just promise me one thing.
Please... destroy everything.
All of it, you hear?
Big sister?
[Maki distraughtly] Mai!
Mai!
Wake up! [sobs] Mai!
Wake up! Mai!
Wake up!
[sobs] Mai?
Mai.
Wake up.
Wake up, Mai.
[Ogi gasps] The cursed spirits
were exorcised?
What?
My body remembers.
I worked so hard
to forget that fear.
Technique Release.
Blazing Courage!
Very well then!
This time, I'll burn you down,
right to the marrow
of your bones
with my own hands!
[sword swishing]
Come! You fail--
[♪ calm ethereal music playing]
Okay, Mai.
Let's get started.
EPISODE 51
PERFECT PREPARATION
[metal clanging]
JUJUTSU KAISEN
[continues clanging]
Ugh.
Why is it so noisy?
[yawns]
[RANTA] Jinichi!
Maki has lost her mind!
She murdered Ogi!
The Kukuru Unit is on it now!
I guess even Ogi
can be caught off-guard
if he's attacked in his sleep
or sitting on the toilet.
- Capture her before I get there.
- [KUKURU UNIT] Sir!
If we dawdle too much,
Jinichi will become so smug,
I'll never hear
the end of it from him.
Oh, don't kill her yet.
I'll finish her myself.
[NARRATOR] The Kukuru Unit.
The young men
of the Zen'in Clan
who don't possess techniques
are obligated to join.
And the martial arts are
drilled into them day and night
so they can serve under the Hei.
[NAOYA]
What are you going to do?
[MAKI] I wonder
what I plan to do.
[MAN 1] Visual confirmation of
two unidentified cursed tools!
[NARRATOR]
Maki had also been a member
until she joined Jujutsu High.
[MAI] Why couldn't you just stay
at the bottom with me, Maki?
- [MAKI] You were right.
- [MAN 2] Surround her!
[MAKI] Staying at the bottom...
I'm sure that would have
been the right choice for us.
I'm sorry.
- [MAKI] I'm sorry, Mai.
- [MAN 3] Get her!
[MAI] Just promise me
one thing.
Please destroy everything.
[men grunting]
[MAI] All of it, you hear?
[men screaming]
[men groaning]
[grunting, groaning]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[men groaning]
[sword swishing]
[groans]
[grunts]
[grunting, groaning]
[grunting]
[grunts, groans]
[gasps, whimpers]
[♪ upbeat rock music playing]
[men groaning]
[men gasping, groaning]
[man groans]
[sword slashing]
[grunts]
[grunts, groans]
[gasps]
[groans]
[men whimpering]
[grunts]
[yells]
[men groaning]
[sword swishing]
[sword clanks]
[NOBUAKI] Hey,
how's it coming along?
[gasps]
She went for the jackpot.
[loud crash]
[♪ rock music playing]
[NOBUAKI]
That's Chojuro's technique?
The Hei are here.
[NARRATOR] The Hei.
They are composed of those
whose abilities are recognized
as semi-grade one or higher
by Jujutsu High standards.
The Zen'in Clan's strongest
collection of sorcerers.
- [swords slash, clang]
- [grunts]
[NOBUAKI]
How is she still moving
after taking Chojuro's attack?
[swords clanging]
She's fast. Easily broke
through my guard! [groans]
[CHOJURO] I don't believe it.
Is she really the same Maki?
[groans]
Jinichi!
[JINICHI]
Keep holding her there, Ranta!
[yells]
I can't keep holding her!
[Maki exhales]
[RANTA]
Forget about me, Jinichi!
The current
Zen'in Clan only exists
thanks to the whim of Toji!
You must have
realized it by now!
Maki's become
the same as that man!
Do it! Here and now!
Kill her!
[explosion]
You did it, Jinichi.
You were able to kill her.
[blood splattering]
[footsteps approaching]
[NAOYA] How cruel of you.
HEAD OF THE HEI, NAOYA ZEN'IN
Have you no heart
left inside of you, Maki?
I don't.
She took
whatever heart I had with her.
[NAOYA]
Everyone says I'm a genius.
It's true, too!
I'm going to be the head
of the clan after my father.
I heard there's a loser
in the Zen'in Clan.
They say the man ain't
got a bit of cursed energy
in his whole body.
He must be really depressed.
I bet you that guy
looks pretty pathetic, too.
[MAKI] Three, four,
five, nine, ten, eleven.
[NAOYA] You...
You...
ain't no Toji!
The sin of the insignificant
is the ignorance of strength.
No one was able
to understand Toji.
Except maybe Satoru Gojo.
But you ain't the one!
The one to stand
among them is me!
[NARRATOR] Projection Sorcery
can't be used
to create movements
that ignore physics
and trajectories.
There's a limit to how much
acceleration can be added
to one's speed upon activation.
The longer the technique
is continuously activated,
the further one can
raise their speed.
[NAOYA]
The one to stand among them
is me!
I won't stop now.
I won't screw up
like I did back then!
Force is weight times speed.
She wants a head-on fight, huh?
[MAKI] How about a hug?
[NAOYA] I'll punch
through her at top speed!
[NARRATOR] While
Projection Sorcery is active,
anything the user touches
with their palm
must create a movement
within 1/24th of a second.
If they fail, they'll be
frozen for one second.
[NAOYA] She was probably
planning to take my attack
and stop my movement,
even if it means
I break her ribs.
Like I'd fall
for such obvious bait!
You really are an imposter!
24 times, right?
You and old man Naobito
aren't just fast,
there's something off
about your speed.
You were creating
24 motions per second.
I can finally see it
after obtaining this body.
You imposter! [groans]
[groans]
Sorry.
Can you repeat that?
Mother?
- Mother?
- [gasps]
- Stay away!
- Mother.
- Why must you?
- Please, listen to me.
Why must you
always be like this?
If that's the way you feel,
why tell me to come back?
Huh? W... What?
What are you talking about?
No. No, no, no! [whimpering]
- [sword slashes]
- [groans]
[thuds]
[Naoya breathing raggedly]
[gasping, laughing]
Stupid bitch didn't end me.
Pathetic.
[breathing raggedly]
[gasps] Are you shitting me?
I can't focus my cursed energy!
Damn gutter trash!
[gasps]
[exhales]
[Mai and Maki giggling]
[MAI AND MAKI'S MOTHER]
I'm glad I gave birth to you.
[Momo running, panting]
[MOMO] Mai! [sobbing]
This is why
I told you not to go. [crying]
[sobbing]
[MAKI] Please,
take care of her.
[MOMO] What are you
gonna do now, Maki?
The six members of the Hei,
the nine members of the Akashi,
and the 21 members
of the Kukuru Unit
who were absent from
the Zen'in Clan's home that day
all met untimely deaths.
At present,
no residuals have been detected,
and autopsies revealed
faint traces of cursed energy
in the corpses' wounds
that are believed to come
from the cursed tool
used as the murder weapon.
Several days later, both
the Gojo Clan and Kamo Clan
motioned for headquarters
to remove the Zen'in Clan
from the big three families.
Headquarters has tabled
this motion.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[MEGUMI]
Hakari was expelled for clashing
- with the Upper Brass.
- [YUJI] A fight club?
[MACHO] You don't
talk about the fight club.
[PANDA] I can't get close.
[MEGUMI] Itadori, you
snoop around from the inside.
[KIRARA] I love it
when you're hot, Kin.
[KINJI] Are you saying you
wanna get high on my passion?
NEXT EPISODE
PASSION